v7.0.0-beta.1 (#11903)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 7.0.0-beta.1

_Feb 1, 2024_

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 12 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - 🏃 Increase the performance of the Data Grid by changing the `GridColDef` signature (#11573) @cherniavskii

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🏃 Improve the filtering performance of the Data Grid by changing the `GridColDef` methods signatures (#11573) @cherniavskii
```
